I need you to build a website called 'NutriConnect'. It is basically an AI powered platform with community features where users can solve their nutrition related problems. The website should have a main landing page telling all the features of the website and it should be really aesthetic with good animations, background animations, good icons buttons, just a perfect attention grabbing landing page, then we go to the sign in/sign up page where you should implement proper authentication and also provide functionality to reset password if forgot, if forgot then the user recieves an email where he can reset his password. Now the user is taken to his dashboard where we have the basic user details, his name, age, weight, bmi, activity status: like is he active or not very active, his fitness goals, like weight target etc. The next screen is for generating an AI based weekly diet planner. We give users the ability to choose if he is vegeterian or not, what are his goals, like meals for weight loss, high protein etc and based on that we use google gemini api to generate a diet plan for the whole week for the user, and we can provide the user an option to add this diet plan to his data, which will be stored in the database. Next an AI based recipe generator which again asks user what meal he wants, what ingredients he has, what is the goal of this meal and gives the complete recipe, macro and calorie details, we won't add this to the database. The next part is workout plan generator, again based on users preferences and requirements, and if he has access to gym or any equipment, we use gemini ai api to give him a weekly workout schedule and if he wants he can add it to his data, which will again be stored in the database. The next screen is weight log, user has an option to update his weight if there are any changes in his weight over the time, the date and weight details will be stored in the database and the progress can be shown on a graph on the dashboard. The last screen is the community screen where users can post if they have any achievement to post and other users can see that because all posts will be stored in the database. The user should have the ability to edit his profile, edit the workout and nutrition plan that was generated, even the user should have a functionality to make is own workout and nutrition plan and add that to the database along with the AI generated functions, he should also be able to delete his post if he has posted anything. The user can post or even like or comment on someone else's post. This is the overall app. Add proper authentication, smart and secure routes, keep a green theme for the overall aesthetic of the app. Have proper animations etc. for the front-end. And design proper system for the backend and AI system uses google genai sdk for python, I have the api key. Define proper models so that mongoDb can be connected successfully. Please, please I humbly request do not make any errors or mistakes while making this app. Create a perfect, execution and production ready app. Do not leave any logic for me to implement